INSTALATION INSTRUCTIONS:
1.	create an account on gihub.com
2.	find the user 'karateguy'  (this is channing)
3.	open his "Does-P-NP" repository
4.	Fork the repository (there's a button labeled fork near the top right corner of the page
5.	install the github client (and anything else that it it needs you to install.  Make sure that it installs command line tools)
6.	open the github client and sign in.  under "my repositories" you should find the "Does-P-NP" repo
7.	clone the repo and make a local copy somewhere on your computer.  remember where this is.
8.	If you have a Mac, skip to step 11.  on pc, continue to step 9
9.	right click on the name of the local repo (from step 7) in the github client
10.	click "open a shell here" (then skip to step 13)
11.	Mac instructions: open your repository by clicking the star by its name under local repositories
12.	click "open in terminal" under repositories at the top of your screen
13.	type:   git remote add upstream https://github.com/karateguy/Does-P-NP.git
(this will add a branch for receiving updates from channing's master copy)
14.	type: git fetch upstream
(this will update your files from channing)
15.	type: git merge upstream/master
(this will apply updates to your local copy)
16.	Note: you wont have to update like that anymore unless you really want to
17.	install eclipse if you havent already (if you have, skip step 19)
18.	set a workplace wherever
19.	if you have Egit installed, skip steps 20-26
20.	under "help" click "install new software"
21.	 in the Work with field, type http://download.eclipse.org/egit/updates
22.	click add, and title the site whatever you want (although "EGit Repository" makes a lot of sense)
23.	check the encompasing box for "Eclipse Git Team Provider"  you do not need JGit or anything else listed
24.	install the software through eclipse
25.	the Git addon will ask you to restart eclipse and to sign in to your github account.  do all these things
26.	enter the Git Repository perspective by clicking "Git Repository Exploring" in the top right of eclipse
27.	click the button to "Add an existing local repository to this view"
28.	add the folder you created through github in step 7.  (add the folder itself, not the contents)
29.	switch to the Java perspective by clicking "Java" in the top right
30.	click File->New->Java Project
31.	uncheck the box labeled "use default destination"
32.	enter the folder path from step 28 as your project destination
33.	click next and create the project
34.	Done!  A working copy of the project should appear in the java perspective
(Do all your work on stuff inside of the java perspective)


How to send changes you make to the master copy:
1.	save all of your work
2.	right click on the encompassing folder labeled "Does-P-NP" in eclipse within the Java perspective
3.	click Team->Commit
4.	type a comment in the large box at the top to describe the changes you made
5.	there is a list of files you changed in the bottom of the commit window.  check all files you want to commit
6.	click "Commit and Push"
7.	Enter your github info if prompted.  otherwise just let it run
8.	sign into github.com  and navigate to your copy of the Does-P-NP repo
9.	click "Pull request" on the right side of the page 
10.	click "New pull request"
11.	title your request and send the request.
12.	wait for channing to approve the request and merge it with the master copy


How to receive updates from the master copy:
1.	open eclipse
2.	Consider committing any unsaved work.  The update will overwrite any uncommitted changes on files changed in the update
3.	enter the Git Repository perspective
4.	right click on the repository name and click "fetch…"
5.	select Upstream from the dropdown list at the top
6.	click finish. Eclipse will now download an updated version of the master project from channing's github
7.	right click on the repository name and click "merge"
8.	double click "upstream/master" from the box at the top
9.	Eclipse will apply updates to your local copy of the project. 
10.	any files changed in the update that were open in eclipse need to be reloaded
